with higher water the mother bear has
moved to the Falls where the salmon are
most active but the big male has taken
over the best fishing spot she needs to
keep herself safe but she also needs
access to salmon she cautiously moves
closer to the big male she's probably
still a little unsure of him after their
last encounter
there's lots of salmon swimming through
the Falls now but with the big male so
close by she can't really move around as
freely as she needs to
[Music]
[Applause]
the big male has controlled the best
fishing site but due to the closeness of
the mother bear he also seems to be
losing some of his focus then he manages
to grab another salmon
however this one is a male and he lets
it go the mother bears less fussy right
now but she's unable to take advantage
of the opportunity
neither bear is very happy with the
presence of the other the mother bear
decides to move in and take advantage of
the scraps the big guys left behind
the big male seems annoyed by her
presence so close behind him something
has to give
at this rate neither bear is going to be
successful
the mother is getting more confident
growling at the big male letting him
know she wants him out of there finally
she built up the nerve to storm his
position
[Music]
even though she's much smaller than him
she's not backing down she wants access
to the salmon more than he does
big male tries to intimidate her with
his much larger size
but she holds her nerve refusing to
leave
finally the big males had enough and
moves on to other fishing grounds
now the mother bear has the falls all to
herself
this has been a hard one salmon but I
think there's going to be lots more
where this came from now
you